hey let me stop fooling around and start
night
all right relax and grab yourself a
beverage y'all hop if you wanna just
pass to my memory the evidence as they
say is in the pudding so show me the
money like my name is Cupid pudding hey
fools go let's go fool can't stop we'll
stop keeping their old-school big spoon
is my mom's a puller my keep it poppin
like a needle and a new balloon and if
you don't know about how do you need
more schooling
stupid got more flavor than I know what
to do it's a get your hands up it's your
part of the movement and brought to the
box
I'm in a rut before your throne hat
FaceTime yes the reed you know
to death like I'm drowning it's a breeze
and away we go up and as they give me
anyway
hop it away I'm the pilot hope one step
ahead on this side that means a boss for
the street though I'm father Olmos I
hate and I pause for Ross on you boy
hello nurse let me burst on his first
rock steady but I never rehearsed and
every bird side work is right on the
money yo I got more of less than a mummy
honey
this be the boogie to jumpstart your
ventricles strapped on the truck like
tentacles put the squeeze on these other
MCS cutting imitators off Anthony's oh
please the way I'm ripping it up I never
on through your blood and I'm awake you
tell you how it's done
I'll keep this backer in the athletic
Cup son I'm nice to be spitting these
rhymes instead of sitting in a cubicle
and losing my mind so this is my time to
shine
and I'm not doing so bright I make buses
go blind
hi guys
just a quick message to say that we're
reopening Foxley for the Skua store
holidays only CableOne at the minute I'm
afraid the ongoing extension works
aren't quite finished yet
but we've got loads of new exciting
information for our season pass and our
family bundle deals information for that
it's gonna come up from the website and
the Facebook page pretty soon but as I
say we're going to open up cable one for
the school easter holidays so if you
fancy coming down to Fox Lika and
dusting off the old wet suit and the
gloves and the hoods then they give us a
bell and we can hopefully get you you
put ten so see you guys